Q1. Does the patch improve the performance of ls or make it worse? Briefly
explain.

The patch removes the conditional statement "if (ignore_mode ==
IGNORE_DEFAULT)"and does not make any other significant changes, so it
should improve the performance of ls. I tested this by installing
coreutils-8.29 (without the patch) in another directory, and ran the
command "$ time ./ls -aA" in both directories. The patched version gave an
output of: real	0m0.003s
	user	0m0.000s
	sys	0m0.002s
while the unpatched version gave an output of:
	real	0m0.005s
	user	0m0.000s
	sys	0m0.003s
indicating that the patch likely improved performance.

Q2. If your company adopts this patched version of Coreutils instead of the
default one, what else should you watch out for? Might this new version of
Coreutils introduce other problems with your application?

Because the fix was relatively straightforward and involved removing a single
conditional in the ls.c source, it is unlikely that there is anything major to
watch out for. If there are applications which took utilized the la script
mentioned in the spec, they may need to be revised in order to confirm that 
they operate with the expected behavior (i.e. the latter flag will override the
former in the case of -aA or -Aa)

Q3. What happens when this script is invoked on an empty file like /dev/null,
and why?

The script returns an error IndexError: list index out of range. This is 
because the random.choice() function takes in the lines read from the file as 
an argument. If this argument is empty (i.e. in the case of reading in an 
empty file), the function will return an error.

Q4. What happens when this script is invoked with Python 3 rather than Python
2, and why? (You can run Python 3 on the SEASnet hosts by using the command
python3 instead of python.)

The script will not run and will return "SyntaxError: invalid syntax" for the
line "except IOError as (errno, strerror):". When checking the Python3
documentation, we see that IOError has been merged into OSError, so the line
needs to be modified for it to work in Python3.